.. _2016_06_30:

Thursday, June 23, 2016
=======================

This meeting spec'd out the project's goals for the next week through Thursday,
July 7th.

Developers
----------

Recently a few OSL devs decided to start working on IaM. They are:

- `athai`_ Spent about 10 hours on IaM this last week and is dedicating another
  10 hours for the coming week.
- `alxngyn`_ Spent about 16 hours on IaM this week and is dedicating 16 of his
  20 hours for the coming week.
- `elijahcaine`_ is going to donate about 10 hours to IaM before he leaves on a
  three week trip on July 5th through the 26th.
- `kennric`_ will be working on IaM for about 10 hrs this sprint.

.. note:: all names are Github user names and link to GH user pages.

.. _alxngyn: https://github.com/alxngyn
.. _elijahcaine: https://github.com/elijahcaine
.. _athai: https://github.com/athai
.. _kennric: https://github.com/kennric

Progress
--------

- The ``RamSize`` plugin is completed.
- Progress has been made on the testing-re-factor.
- Some progress has been made on the views, they look good!
- Ken is 99% of the way to getting the code running on production, there were a
  few problems with chef and chef environments, further mentioned below.

For the test-refactor we talked a bit about eventually increasing test coverage
and hopefully testing our plugins' use of the BasePlugin (in addition to
testing the BasePlugin itself).

For the views discussion we talked a bit about how to automatically test the
views. Rails provides some rspec libraries that make view testing easy, sinatra
does not come with those tools out of the box. Testing is not a *huge*
priority, but it will definitely be something we look into.

Tasks
-----

Our main focus of this sprint are:

- Get an instance of IaM in production so we can start collecting data ASAP.
- Work toward getting functioning views.
- Finish reviewing pending pull requests.
- Keep working on fixing our tests.

Our specific problems are related to getting our chef configuration up, the
ansible playbook merged, both of which seem to be environment problems and not
code problems.

----

Meeting Outline
---------------

Cleanup (Ready Pull Requests)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Pull Requests<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pulls>`_ | *Ordered Oldest to Newest*

- `Node resource CRUD<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/85>`_
- `updated app.rb for method_override, port and host<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/87>`_
- `RamSize plugin<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/98>`_
- `Add partials views and client views<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/103>`_ **BLOCKED**

Future Work (Pending Issues)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Issues<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues>`_ | Ordered by Topic

- Views
  - `Report view<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/71>`_
  - `Project CRUD<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/80>`_
  - `Client, project and node views<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/102>`
  - `implement a statics/ directory<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/105>`_
- Plgins
  - `REFACTOR: DiskSize for Disk Number<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/81>`_
- Oter
  - `Review spec tests for correctness<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/99>`_
  - `RDocs implementation<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/79>`_
  - `Logging implementation<https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/77>`_

- OSL Academy, what's the haps?
  - Make issues for them to tackle.
  - Something about spec testing our utilities?
- Deploying, are there any blockers before we merge the Ansible Playbooks?
