.. _2016_06_23:

Thursday, June 23, 2016
=======================

This meeting spec'd out the project's goals for the next week through Thursday,
June 30th.

Developers
----------

Recently a few OSL devs decided to start working on IaM. They are:

- `athai`_ is able to work on IaM and will be dedicating about 12 hrs this
  sprint to the project.
- `subnomo`_ is out of the office this sprint.
- `alxngyn`_ is going to donate about 90% of this time on IaM.
- `elijahcaine`_ is going to donate about 60% of this time (30 hrs) on IaM.
- `LyonesGamer`_ is not able to work on IaM until his work on TimeSync-Node
  wraps up.
- `kennric`_ will be working on IaM for about 10 hrs this sprint.

.. note:: all names are Github user names and link to GH user pages.

.. _LyonesGamer: https://github.com/LyonesGamer
.. _subnomo: https://github.com/subnomo
.. _alxngyn: https://github.com/alxngyn
.. _elijahcaine: https://github.com/elijahcaine
.. _athai: https://github.com/athai
.. _kennric: https://github.com/kennric

Tasks for this sprint
---------------------

Our main goals this sprint are:

#. Get an instance of IaM up and running collecting data.
#. Get a rudimentary views setup for projects, nodes, and clients.
#. Get `athai`_ and `subnomo`_ up to speed on the project.
    - https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/99 will be tacked by `athai`_
    - https://github.com/osuosl/iam/issues/81 will be worked on by `subnomo`_
      most likely, if he has time.

Current Blockers
----------------

These two Pull Requests are blocking `alxngyn`_ from implementing the views for
Projects, Clients, and Nodes:

- updated app.rb for method_override, port and host
  (https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/87)
- Node resource CRUD (https://github.com/osuosl/iam/pull/85)

There are also a few PRs blocking the deployment, including our Ansible
playbooks for deploying the app which needs to be reviewed one last time.
